I have a good number of gold rolls here
paper and I have my house key
good friends so let's say let's go
make use of it
and let him go praise there is one
number of people we come to
help with this frank wish has
not at all what his mother told him
you off coming to dinner tonight
I have not been against your girlfriends
nothing to say, I've got another
that was so beautiful
power plant I really hope so there it
make most broken
[Music]
you not my three years ago ever one
times and he said the files
the workout which we range
i am going to tell and say that i am
I deleted the images
of course not deleted as you see
I just put the files here
their pc
heaven models i really fucked something
done up really green
i can use the same spark option to man i want
this morning a lot is going now and then yes
when ali so done on formatting and me
can't put it on the pc i sander
take back that I have not done
until today it is also the moment
why we look inside the crowds buck
moment for counting
willem you connect it is ready wall
now completely covered, the first is you
we have to finish completely
the wall on the left
now behind you right now to guide the
couch the table and the time they really bring
are already in stores
they are now going to get lamps just too much
hygiene
stuff
[Music]
and
and so call them to a festival they want there
to it
who do you find going to?
gone
almost to have left
have to hurry up boy how can they
the man no it's a physical one
Fig had never had such small pieces
remains weak ceiling to the
heavy through
so it is difficult smaller pieces but
he will take more time
well save that code
turned up
the go along must look after you again
a stupid way
chilling want this back when
small this than what is this magical world
where we said
[Music]
have another 5 minutes to turn each camera on
turn to position each camera
ok how to let fat boy blow
stuff
[Music]
oh and I have left you a nice box
respond to with what you think in this
box and have a chance to win the content
the prank has succeeded dindin then it would
nothing at all so I have already brought this
paper
give from cattle school campus tell me
asks to make a selection of the
deaf school if you want to see that
check the link in the description thanks
click on to watch this video
the thumbs up is the video liked
subscriber is not yet done that
see you again next week
this behind this
[Music]